Fix a bug with relational mapping tests set with the incorrect database (#645)
finos/legend-studio: .changeset/tender-foxes-battle.md

---
'@finos/legend-studio': patch
---

> Replaced Table/View with TableAlias in MappingElementSource to fix the bug with db value for mappingTest when there are nested databases

Reviewer: ````suggestion
Replace `Table|View` with `TableAlias` as the relational mapping source, i.e `MappingElementSource`. Fixes generating mapping test with nested databases (see [#651](https://github.com/finos/legend-studio/issues/651)] for more details).
````
